doc: adding staking parameters explanation (#11)
valory-xyz/autonolas-staking-programmes: scripts/deployment/README.md

- `useLedger`: a flag whether to use the hardware wallet (`true`) or proceed with the seed-phrase accounts (`false`);
- `derivationPath`: a string with the derivation path;
- `providerName`: a network type (see `hardhat.config.js` for the network configurations);
- `serviceStakingParams`: a set of service staking parameters, which include:

>   - `rewardsPerSecond`: amount of token (in wei) per second credited to a service if the service is active enough. Assuming the maximum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `rewardsPerSecond`: amount of token (in wei) per second credited to a service if the service is active enough.  The formula cn be obtained as follows`7days_rewards_per_service/7days_in_seconds` Assuming the maximum
```

Author: There's some issues with formatting, please check for spaces and names, as I am not sure how to correct that.

Reviewer: let's ignore this. Later we can add more details if more info are required

>     number of reward per day is 1 (in ETH), then the reward per second is calculated by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    number of reward per week is 1 OLAS (in ETH), then the reward per second is calculated by
```

    [this formula](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input?i=1+*+10%5E18+%2F+%283600+*+24+*+7%29);

>   - `livenessRatio`: number of service multisig transactions per second (in 1e18 value) that are used to measure the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `livenessRatio`: number of service multisig transactions per second (with 18 decimals) that are used to measure the service
```

    liveness (activity). In other words, it's the minimum number of transactions the service multisig needs to perform in order

>     to pass the liveness check. Assuming the number of required tx-s per day is 10, the liveness ratio is calculated by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to pass the liveness check. To check this `rewardsPerSecond* livenessPeriod/1e18` should approximate the number of txs required per livenessPeriod. Assuming the number of required tx-s per day is 10, the liveness ratio can be checked by means of
```

>     [this formula](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input?i=%28115740740740740+*+60+*+60+*+24%29+%2F+10%5E18).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [this formula](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input?i=%28115740740740740+*+86400%29%2F10%5E18).
```

Author: I think the previous one was better for understanding - seconds, minutes, hours

Reviewer: ok, then let's keep your :-)
